*Software* Put us to work on your software projects. We
deliver quality software while keeping an eye on scope and maintainability. We
want the users to be happy users.

*Server Environments* We develop server environments that
are low maintenance. We use technologies like ZFS and KVM(Kernel-based Virtual
Machine) to make your data center rock solid. The best documentation is
executable code – we deliver a fully self-describing system that can be
replicated to new hardware.

*Cloud Hosting* We can help you move part or all your services
to the cloud. Even to a private corner of the cloud. 

*Coaching & Consulting* We have over 10 years of experience
with sustainable software development. Starting off with a simple conversation
we find areas where we can help improve your current practices.

*On every scale* Do you need a mobile application? Or a web
application? Are you creating a web of distributed applications that process
data? Machine learning? Do you want to give your business a human interface?
We want to help.

*You can rely on us* We keep deadlines. We stick to our agreements. The value we deliver to you motivates our work. 

p(close). *Team*
* Florian Hanke (<a href="http://florianhanke.com">florianhanke.com</a>)
* Kaspar Schiess (<a href="http://absurd.li">absurd.li</a>)

p(close). *References*

* Search Engines ("twixtel":http://www.twixtel.ch/,
 "CocoaPods":http://cocoapods.org/)
* Automating Operations ("GIUZ":http://www.geo.uzh.ch/)
* Social Networks ("restorm.com":http://restorm.com/, 
  "InfoCard":http://infocard.ch/)
* "Open&nbsp;Source":opensource.html
  
p(close). "*Subscribe*":http://technologyastronauts.us5.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=e29eecdfe67bdbd65366864ae&id=afb10ef3be
 to our Newsletter. We promise not to bore you. ("Exhibit A":http://us5.campaign-archive2.com/home/?u=e29eecdfe67bdbd65366864ae&id=afb10ef3be)

p(slogan). *Do you have a hard problem?* <br/>
Hire an astronaut today. "Contact&nbsp;us":contact.html.
